# AutoRide CSV structure

# csv files are generated by default in this folder.

## CSV Files

This folder contains four CSV files, each serving a specific purpose.

- [customer_info.csv](#customerinfocsv): Fake information about customers.
- [vehicle_info.csv](#vehicleinfocsv): Fake information about vehicles.
- [trip_info_psql.csv](#tripinfocsv): Fake informatin about trips.
- [payment_info.csv](#paymentinfocsv): Fake information about payments.

## Usage

You can use these CSV files with any programming language, such as Microsoft Excel or Google Sheets.


## CSV File Descriptions

### customer_info.csv

This CSV file contains fake information about customers.

- **Fields:**
  - `Id`: Unique identifier for the customer use UUID (Universally Unique IDentifier).
  - `FirstName`: First name of the customer.
  - `LastName`: Last name of the customer.
  - `DateOfBirth`: Date of birth of the customer.
  - `Email`: Email address of the customer.
  - `Phone`: Phone number of the customer.
  - `Address`: Address of the customer.
  - `ZipCode`: Zip code of the customer.
  - `JoinDate`: DateTime indicating when the customer joined.

### vehicle_info.csv

This CSV file contains fake information about vehicles.

- **Fields:**
  - `Id`: Unique identifier for the vehicle use UUID (Universally Unique IDentifier).
  - `LicensePlate`: License plate of the vehicle.
  - `VehicleStatus`: This field specifies the current state of the vehicle. Is it vacant? It is working or under repair
  - `LastService`: DateTime indicating the last service date of the vehicle.
  - `Latitude`: Specifies the latitude at which the vehicle was last seen.
  - `Longitude`: Specifies the longitude at which the vehicle was last seen.
  - `Model`: Model of the vehicle.
  - `Make`: Make of the vehicle.
  - `LastTime`: DateTime indicating the last time we tracked the vehicle.

### trip_info.csv

This CSV file contains information about trips.

  - **Fields:**
    - `Id`: Unique identifier for the vehicle use UUID (Universally Unique IDentifier).
    - `CustomerId`: Foreign key.
    - `VehicleId`: Foreign key.
    - `PaymentId`: Foreign key.
    - `StartLatitude`: Latitude from where the trip started.
    - `StartLongitude`: Longitude from where the trip started.
    - `EndLatitude`: latitude from where the trip ended.
    - `EndLongitude`: Longitude from where the trip ended.
    - `RequestTripTime`: DateTime indicating when the trip was requested.
    - `StartTripTime`: DateTime indicating when the trip started.
    - `EndTripTime`: DateTime indicating when the trip ended.
    - `Amount`: The amount of travel expenses that the customer must pay.
    - `Status`: This field indicates whether the trip has started, finished, or canceled.

### paymnet_info.csv

This CSV file contains information about payments.

- **Fields:** 
 - `Id`: Unique identifier for the payment use UUID (Universally Unique IDentifier)
 - `CustomerId`: Foreign key.
 - `Amount`: The amount of travel expenses that the customer must pay.
 - `TransactionId`: Identifier for the transaction (created from the bank).
 - `TransactionTime`: DataTime indicates when the transaction occurred.
 - `Status`: Status of the payment.(in this case we just save successful payments.)
